README.md, before:



<div align="center">
<img src="logo.png" height="90px" width="auto" /> 
<h2>
    Minimalist resume template for pdf and web
</h2>
<p>
<a href="https://jsonresume.org/schema/">jsonresume.org</a> JSON resume schema
</p>


<p>
Based on the design of <a href="https://github.com/BartoszJarocki/cv">Bartosz Jarocki</a>

</p>

</div>

<div align="center">
    <a href="#🚀-empezar">
        Empezar
    </a>
    <span>&nbsp;✦&nbsp;</span>
    <a href="#🧞-commands">
        Commands
    </a>
    <span>&nbsp;✦&nbsp;</span>
    <a href="#🔑-license">
        License
    </a>
    <span>&nbsp;✦&nbsp;</span>
    <a href="https://dakodonnell.com">
        Personal
    </a>
   
</div>

<p></p>

<div align="center">

![Astro Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Astro-BC52EE?logo=astro&logoColor=fff&style=flat)
![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/dakodonnell/minimal-portfolio)
![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/dakodonnell/minimal-portfolio)
![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/dakodonnell/minimal-portfolio)
![GitHub PRs](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/dakodonnell/minimal-portfolio)

</div>

<img src="portada.png"></img>

## 🛠️ Stack

- [**Astro**](https://astro.build/) - Web framework.
- [**Typescript**](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) - JavaScript with typed syntax.
- [**Ninja Keys**](https://github.com/ssleptsov/ninja-keys) - Drop-down menu with keyboard shortcuts made in pure Javascript (optional).


## 🚀 Begin

### 1. Use this [repo](https://github.com/dakodonnell/minimal-portfolio) as a _template_ for an Astro project


- Yo uso [pnpm](https://pnpm.io/installation) como gestor de dependencias y empaquetador.

```bash
# Initialize the project
npm create astro@latest -- --template dakodonnell/minimal-portfolio
```

### 2. Add your content:
Edit the file to create your own printable Portfolio/CV.`cv.json`
### 3. Launch the development server:

```bash
# Enjoy the result
npm run dev
```


1. Open [**http://localhost:4321**](http://localhost:4321/) in your browser to see the result 🚀


## 🧞 Commands

|     | Command         | Action                                        |
| :-- | :--------------- | :-------------------------------------------- |
| ⚙️  | `dev` or `start` | Launch a local development server in `localhost:4321`.  |
| ⚙️  | `build`          | Runs the build process checks for errors in the dist/ folder. `./dist/`.      |
| ⚙️  | `preview`        | Preview the local site `localhost:4321` |



## 🔑 Licence

[MIT](LICENSE.txt) - Created by [**dakodonnell**](https://dakodonnell.com).

Commit message:

Add additional formatting to readme, and include section for dev tools

README.md, after:



<div align="center">
<img src="logo.png" height="90px" width="auto" /> 
<h2>
    Minimalist resume template for pdf and web
</h2>
<p>
<a href="https://jsonresume.org/schema/">jsonresume.org</a> JSON resume schema
</p>


<p>
Based on the design of <a href="https://github.com/BartoszJarocki/cv">Bartosz Jarocki</a>

</p>

</div>

<div align="center">
    <a href="#🚀-get started">
        Get Started
    </a>
    <span>&nbsp;✦&nbsp;</span>
    <a href="#🧞-commands">
        Commands
    </a>
    <span>&nbsp;✦&nbsp;</span>
    <a href="#🔑-license">
        License
    </a>
    <span>&nbsp;✦&nbsp;</span>
    <a href="https://dakodonnell.com">
        Personal
    </a>
   
</div>

<p></p>

<div align="center">

![Astro Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Astro-BC52EE?logo=astro&logoColor=fff&style=flat)
![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/dakodonnell/minimal-portfolio)
![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/dakodonnell/minimal-portfolio)
![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/dakodonnell/minimal-portfolio)
![GitHub PRs](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/dakodonnell/minimal-portfolio)

</div>

<img src="portada.png"></img>

## 🛠️ Stack

- [**Astro**](https://astro.build/) - Web framework.
- [**Typescript**](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) - JavaScript with typed syntax.
- [**Ninja Keys**](https://github.com/ssleptsov/ninja-keys) - Drop-down menu with keyboard shortcuts made in pure Javascript (optional).


## 🚀 Begin

### 0. Ensure you have the proper dev tools

- For Astro to run on your system, you will also need to have Node.js installed, version `v18.17.1` or `v20.3.0` or later. (`v19` is not supported.)

```bash
# Check if you already have a compatible version of Node.js installed
node -v
```

- If the command returns a version number higher than `v18.17.1` or `v20.3.0` (excluding any `v19`), you’re good to go!

- If the command returns an error message like `Command 'node' not found`, or a version number lower than the required, then you need to [install a compatible Node.js version.](https://docs.npmjs.com/downloading-and-installing-node-js-and-npm)

### 1. Use this [repo](https://github.com/dakodonnell/minimal-portfolio) as a _template_ for an Astro project

```bash
# Initialize the project
npm create astro@latest -- --template dakodonnell/minimal-portfolio
```

### 2. Add your content:
Edit the file to create your own printable Portfolio/CV.`cv.json`

### 3. Launch the development server:

```bash
# Enjoy the result
npm run dev
```

1. Open [**http://localhost:4321**](http://localhost:4321/) in your browser to see the result 🚀


## 🧞 Commands

|     | Command         | Action                                        |
| :-- | :--------------- | :-------------------------------------------- |
| ⚙️  | `dev` or `start` | Launch a local development server in `localhost:4321`.  |
| ⚙️  | `build`          | Runs the build process checks for errors in the dist/ folder. `./dist/`.      |
| ⚙️  | `preview`        | Preview the local site `localhost:4321` |



## 🔑 Licence

[MIT](LICENSE.txt) - Created by [**dakodonnell**](https://dakodonnell.com).
